Fixing PR builder errors for PR 3141 (#3153)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/azure-analysis-services.md

---
id: azure-analysis-services
title: Azure Analysis Services
description: Learn about the Sumo Logic collection process for the Azure Analysis Services service.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/azure-analysis-services.png')} alt="Thumbnail icon" width="50"/>

> [Azure Analysis Services](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/analysis-services/analysis-services-overview) is a fully managed platform as a service (PaaS) that provides enterprise-grade data models in the cloud. This integration helps in monitoring how your servers are performing and tracking server events like start, stop, pause, restart and delete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Azure Analysis Services](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/analysis-services/analysis-services-overview) is a fully managed platform as a service (PaaS) that provides enterprise-grade data models in the cloud. This integration monitors server performance and tracks server events like start, stop, pause, restart, and delete.
```
